[DOC] Add shared note for Explore app rename to Drilldown (#101166)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/shared/plugins/rename-note.md

---
headless: true
labels:
  products:
    - enterprise
    - oss
---

[//]: # 'This file contains a rename note for Explore to Drilldown apps.'
[//]: # 'This shared file is included in a lot of files. Check the app docs in'
[//]: # 'drilldown-traces, drilldown-logs, drilldown-profiles, grafana, and website/grafana-cloud.'
[//]: # 'If you make changes to this file, verify that the meaning and content are not changed in any place where the file is included.'
[//]: # 'Any links should be fully qualified and not relative: /docs/grafana/ instead of ../grafana/.'

{{< admonition type="note" >}}

> The Grafana Explore apps name has changed to Grafana Drilldown apps.

Author: ```suggestion
The Grafana Explore apps have changed to Grafana Drilldown apps.
```
